Reorganize docs, add codepen examples (#1691)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: docs/internals.md

* `additionalItems` keyword for arrays

    This keyword works when `items` is an array. `additionalItems: true` is not supported because there's no widget to represent an item of any type. In this case it will be treated as no additional items allowed. `additionalItems` being a valid schema is supported.

* `anyOf`, `allOf`, and `oneOf`, or multiple `types` (i.e. `"type": ["string", "array"]`)

    The `anyOf` and `oneOf` keywords are supported; however, properties declared inside the `anyOf/oneOf` should not overlap with properties "outside" of the `anyOf/oneOf`.

    You can also use `oneOf` with [schema dependencies](dependencies.md#schema-dependencies) to dynamically add schema properties based on input data.

    The `allOf` keyword is supported; it uses [json-schema-merge-allof](https://github.com/mokkabonna/json-schema-merge-allof) to merge subschemas to render the final combined schema in the form. When these subschemas are incompatible, though (or if the library has an error merging it), the `allOf` keyword is dropped from the schema. 

> * `"additionalProperties":false` produces incorrect schemas when used with [schema dependencies](#schema-dependencies). This library does not remove extra properties, which causes validation to fail. It is recommended to avoid setting `"additionalProperties":false` when you use schema dependencies. See [#848](https://github.com/mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form/issues/848) [#902](https://github.com/mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form/issues/902) [#992](https://github.com/mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form/issues/992)

Reviewer: `mozilla-services` -> `rjsf-team`

> * `"additionalProperties":false` produces incorrect schemas when used with [schema dependencies](#schema-dependencies). This library does not remove extra properties, which causes validation to fail. It is recommended to avoid setting `"additionalProperties":false` when you use schema dependencies. See [#848](https://github.com/mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form/issues/848) [#902](https://github.com/mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form/issues/902) [#992](https://github.com/mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form/issues/992)

Author: ```suggestion
* `"additionalProperties":false` produces incorrect schemas when used with [schema dependencies](#schema-dependencies). This library does not remove extra properties, which causes validation to fail. It is recommended to avoid setting `"additionalProperties":false` when you use schema dependencies. See [#848](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/848) [#902](https://github.com/mozilla-services/rjsf-team/issues/902) [#992](https://github.com/mozilla-services/rjsf-team/issues/992)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: All of support for if then else (json schema 7) etc ?

Author: Don't have that in the library yet -- will update once your PR is merged!

## Handling of schema defaults

This library automatically fills default values defined in the [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org/documentation.html) as initial values in your form. This also works for complex structures in the schema. If a field has a default defined, it should always appear as default value in form. This also works when using [schema dependencies](#schema-dependencies).

Since there is a complex interaction between any supplied original form data and any injected defaults, this library tries to do the injection in a way which keeps the original intention of the original form data.

> Check out the defaults example on the [live playground](https://mozilla-services.github.io/react-jsonschema-form/) to see this in action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the defaults example on the [live playground](https://rjsf-team.github.io/react-jsonschema-form/) to see this in action.
```
